# Mycelium WebUi

# Description
Project Mycelium Frontend is a Vue.js-based user interface designed to
seamlessly interact with our autonomous mobile robot fleet. This intuitive web
application empowers users to effortlessly assign zones for AGVs (Automated
Guided Vehicles) to navigate, while providing real-time visibility into the
solution returned by the advanced path planner.

# Key Features
- Zone Assignment: Easily define target zones for AGVs to navigate within various environments.
- Real-time Visualization: Instantly visualize the solution generated by the path planner for optimized navigation.
- Mobile Compatibility: Accessible on a range of devices, including iPads and smartphones, for on-the-go logistics management.

# Getting Started
- Clone the repository: git clone https://github.com/Mycelium-Lauzhack2023/WebUI
- Install dependencies: npm install
- Start the development server: npm run serve
- Open the application in your browser at http://localhost:8080

# Usage
- Access the web UI through your preferred browser.
- Define target zones by interacting with the user-friendly interface.
- Witness real-time updates as AGVs autonomously navigate to assigned zones.

# Dependencies
- ependencies listed in package.json

# License
- This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

# Contact
- For inquiries and support, contact me at [aman.tifli@gmail.com](mailto:aman.tifli@gmail.com)

## NPM commands
```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
npm run build
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
npm run lint
```

### Customize configuration
See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).
